SD=Prospect Campaign Management
CR= Prospect Campaign Portfolio Management Plan
BQs=MarketTracking PerformanceAssessment CampaignDirection    
Oversee the use and assess the coverage and impact of external/prospect campaigns. Direct prospect campaign execution resources to maximize business impact and in response to any identified market opportunities and threats. Oversee campaign design and development activity.
Prospect Campaign Management identifies competitor activity that is targeting an untapped market segment. Campaign design is initiated to develop a competitive acquisition campaign to address the threat
Assess the coverage and impact of external/prospect campaigns and redirect campaign development and execution activity accordingly
CR - Prospect Campaign Portfolio Management Plan					BQ 1 - Market Tracking				BQ 2 - Performance Assessment					BQ 3 - Campaign Direction			
Cr	Up	Rq	Gr	Re	Up	Ex	Rq	Re	Cr	Up	Ex	Rq	Re	Cr	Up	Rq	Re
CrCR Create and invoke the prospect campaign portfolio management plan
UpBQ Update details of the customer campaign portfolio management plan
RqCR Request manual intervention in the campaign plan (e.g. rework campaign priorities)
GrCR Obtain a permission grant against the plan (e.g. obtain authority to develop materials)
ReCR Retrieve details about the prospect campaign portfolio management plan
UpBQ Update details of the market tracking activity (e.g. change source)
ExBQ Execute an automated task for the tracking activity (e.g. upload new data)
RqBQ Request manual intervention in the market tracking (e.g. request reworking of the analysis)
ReBQ Retrieve details about the market tracking activity
CrBQ Create a performance assessment of the customer campaign portfolio
UpBQ Update details of a prospect campaign portfolio assessment
ExBQ Execute an automated action for a performance assessment (e.g. trigger assessment report)
RqBQ Request manual intervention to a performance assessment (e.g. request specific analysis)
ReBQ Retrieve details about prospect campaign performance assessment activity
CrBQ Create prospect campaign direction schedules (e.g. create the schedules for design or execution activity)
UpBQ Update the prospect campaign design and execution schedules
RqBQ Request manual intervention to the schedules (e.g. rework priorities)
ReBQ Retrieve details about the campaign design and execution direction and scheduling activity